refactor: move `GetLogsArgs` and `LogEntry` to the `evm_rpc_types` crate (#261)
internet-computer-protocol/evm-rpc-canister: evm_rpc_types/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- v1.0 `Nat256`: transparent wrapper around a `Nat` to guarantee that it fits in 256 bits.

> - v1.0 `Hex`, `Hex20`, and `Hex32`: transparent wrapper around a Candid type `text` to represent Ethereum hex strings (prefixed by `0x`) containing an unbounded, 20 or 32 bytes, respectively.

Author: I would understand your suggestion, for example an `Hex20` string such as `0xa1e4380a3b1f749673e270229993ee55f35663b4` to be of size 20 bytes, which is not the case (42 ascii characters). What about the following:
```suggestion
- v1.0 `Hex`, `Hex20`, and `Hex32`: Candid types wrapping an amount of bytes (`Vec<u8>` for `Hex` and `[u8; N]` for `HexN`) that can be represented as an hexadecimal string (prefixed by `0x`) when serialized.
```
